# BorderlandsDemake

I decided to make a borderlands sidescroller to learn UE4. I choose to do Borderlands 2 since it was a game I was very familiar with (I have almost 300 hours of play time on Steam) in terms of plot, characters, levels and gameplay. Additionally by doing a side scroller (rather than a fps) I am actually able to work on more parts of the game since its a more reasonable sized project. 

Builds are in the build folder, just download the whole folder and the Windows build is in Build/WindowsNoEditor. To run it just run BorderlandsDemake.exe. I should note that some info currently just prints to the development console so it's difficult to see some stuff in action. Additionally I have been focusing on the back end systems (like how random guns work, how loot works, etc.) rather than the front end so it really doesn't look like much yet! I hind sight I approached this project like I would normal software dev where I put in a solid back end first and then worry about a good front end, instead I should have prototyped more. I guess I can again say I'm more worried about learning how to use unreal than make my first ambitious attempt at a game. 20/20 hind sight.

All code is currently in blueprints so you will need to download unreal 4 (currently 4.7.6) to view it. I have put a couple screen shots of what the code looks like (obviously its only a small amount of the code) in the code images folder. I decided to make the game in blueprints for a few reasons. First, I wanted to gain familiarity with _a game engine_, how it works and some its capabilities rather than worry about the engine specific syntax. Additionally blueprints are really powerful and if needed I can always add C++ code later.

The game also has next to no art since I have yet to find anyone willing to draw art for it (I just need to look harder). The two gun sprites and the chest were not made by me, they are borrowed from http://olsonmabob.deviantart.com/art/Vault-Hunters-395029839. All other awful art was drawn by me.